Add derived setting for knn indices (#9432)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _vector-search/settings.md

`index.knn` | Static | `false` | Whether the index should build native library indexes for the `knn_vector` fields. If set to `false`, the `knn_vector` fields will be stored in doc values, but approximate k-NN search functionality will be disabled.
`index.knn.algo_param.ef_search` | Dynamic | `100`   | `ef` (or `efSearch`) represents the size of the dynamic list for the nearest neighbors used during a search. Higher `ef` values lead to a more accurate but slower search. `ef` cannot be set to a value lower than the number of queried nearest neighbors, `k`. `ef` can take any value between `k` and the size of the dataset. 
`index.knn.advanced.approximate_threshold` | Dynamic | `15000` | The number of vectors that a segment must have before creating specialized data structures for ANN search. Set to `-1` to disable building vector data structures and to `0` to always build them.
`index.knn.advanced.filtered_exact_search_threshold`| Dynamic | None    | The filtered ID threshold value used to switch to exact search during filtered ANN search. If the number of filtered IDs in a segment is lower than this setting's value, then exact search will be performed on the filtered IDs.

> `index.knn.derived_source.enabled` (Experimental) | Static | `false` | Removes vectors from _source storage, reducing overall disk consumption for vector based indices. Only supported for non-nested fields. The feature is experimental in 2.19. It is not recommended for production use. No backwards compatibility guarantees are provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`index.knn.derived_source.enabled` (Experimental) | Static | `false` | Removes vectors from `_source` storage, reducing overall disk consumption for vector indexes. Only supported for non-nested fields. The feature is experimental in OpenSearch 2.19. It is not recommended for production use. No backwards compatibility guarantees are provided.
```

> `index.knn.algo_param.ef_construction` | Static | `100`   | Deprecated in 1.0.0. Use the [mapping parameters]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/knn-methods-engines/) to set this value instead.

Reviewer: I think it'll be too many leading adjectives :)
